# Contributor License Agreement (“Agreement”)

Thank you for your interest in the %PROJECT% open source project being administered as part of the OpenFlightHPC project by Alces Flight Ltd. The form of license below is a document that clarifies the terms under which You, the person listed below, may contribute software, bug fixes, configuration changes, documentation, or any other materials that you send to us related to the Project (each a “Contribution”) to the project. We appreciate your participation in our project, and your help in improving the project, so we want you to understand what will be done with the Contributions. This license is for your protection as well as the protection of the OpenFlightHPC project and Alces Flight Ltd and its licensees; it does not change your rights to use your own Contributions for any other purpose. Please complete the following information about you and the Contributions and sign electronically by filling out the form below.

If you have questions about these terms, please contact us at <info@openflighthpc.org>.

## Corporate Contributions

If you are employed as a software engineer, or if your employer is in the business of developing software, or otherwise may claim rights in the Contributions, please provide information about your employer’s policy on contributing to open source projects, including the name of the supervisor to contact in connection with such contributions.

## Definitions

“You” (or “Your”) shall mean the copyright owner or legal entity authorized by the copyright owner that is making this Agreement with the OpenFlightHPC project and Alces Flight Ltd. For legal entities, the entity making a Contribution and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity are considered to be a single Contributor. For the purposes of this definition, “control” means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

“Contribution” shall mean any original work of authorship, including any modifications or additions to an existing work, that is intentionally submitted by You to the OpenFlightHPC project and Alces Flight Ltd for inclusion in, or documentation of, any of the products owned or managed by Alces Flight Ltd (the “Project”). For the purposes of this definition, “submitted” means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to the OpenFlightHPC project and Alces Flight Ltd or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the OpenFlightHPC project and Alces Flight Ltd for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by You as “Not a Contribution.”

## You and Alces Flight Ltd agree that:

1. You grant us the ability to use the Contributions in any way. You hereby grant to Alces Flight Ltd, a non-exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, sublicenseable, transferable license under all of Your relevant intellectual property rights (including copyright, patent, and any other rights), to use, copy, prepare derivative works of, distribute and publicly perform and display the Contributions on any licensing terms, including without limitation: (a) open source licenses like the GNU General Public License (GPL), the GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL), the Eclipse Public License (EPL), the Common Public License, the Berkeley Software Distribution license (BSD), the MIT License (MIT), the Apache License, or any Creative Commons License; and (b) binary, proprietary, or commercial licenses. Except for the licenses granted herein, You reserve all right, title, and interest in and to the Contribution.

2. You are able to grant us these rights. You represent that You are legally entitled to grant the above license. If Your employer has rights to intellectual property that You create, You represent that You have received permission to make the Contributions on behalf of that employer, or that Your employer has waived such rights for the Contributions.

3. The Contributions are Your original work. You represent that the Contributions are Your original works of authorship, and to Your knowledge, no other person claims, or has the right to claim, any right in any invention or patent related to the Contributions. You also represent that You are not legally obligated, whether by entering into an agreement or otherwise, in any way that conflicts with the terms of this license. For example, if You have signed an agreement requiring You to assign the intellectual property rights in the Contributions to an employer or customer, that would conflict with the terms of this license.

4. We determine the code that is in our project. You understand that the decision to include the Contribution in any project or source repository is entirely that of the OpenFlightHPC project administrators and Alces Flight Ltd, and this agreement does not guarantee that the Contributions will be included in any product.

5. No Implied Warranties. Alces Flight Ltd acknowledges that, except as explicitly described in this Agreement, the Contribution is provided on an “AS IS” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
